Rails 8.1 activejob continuations (#3493)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

## dev

- **Feature: Add instrumentation for Rails 8.1 ActiveJob Continuations**

>   The agent now instruments Rails 8.1+ ActiveJob Continuations, providing visibility into individual step execution within long-running jobs. Step names are included in segment metrics (e.g., `Ruby/ActiveJob/default/MyJob/step/process_records`) and step-specific attributes like cursor position, resumed status, and interrupted status are captured. A new configuration option, `disable_activejob_step_names`, allows users to exclude step names from metric names to reduce metric cardinality if needed (defaults to `false`). [PR#3493](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/3493)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Feature: Add instrumentation for Rails Active Job Continuations**

  The agent now instruments Rails Active Job Continuations, providing visibility into individual step execution within long-running jobs. Step names are included in segment metrics (e.g., `Ruby/ActiveJob/default/MyJob/step/process_records`) and step-specific attributes like cursor position, resumed status, and interrupted status are captured. A new configuration option, `disable_active_job_step_names`, allows users to exclude step names from metric names to reduce metric cardinality if needed (defaults to `false`). [PR#3493](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/3493)
```
